hey guys as this channel is rolled on
and on past 1000 videos in total and now
past 3 million viewers in total not 3
million subscribers about 3 million 3
million views
I get fewer and fewer poison-pen letters
I get less hate mail but in the past one
of the most common complaints that
receive was that I didn't receive or
didn't respond to criticism which I do
all the time in the video you vote to
see right now as an example of that and
I just note I'm I'm taking some time out
of my my day reasonably busy day to
answer this in a hotel room you can tell
I'm not at home this is not the first
time I've made a video in a hotel room
when I'm on the road it's not the first
time I've responded to what's basically
a hostile critical email sent to me I
have many videos I could make a playlist
where people wrote in to me quite
unreasonably and many many times I've
sought out and engaged in conversations
people via Skype by a telephone via some
other Internet chat medium people who
are my critics people who disagree with
me substantively I do not think
unnatural vegan has ever done any of the
things on that list not even one
can you remember one video of hers that
was an interview or a debate with
someone who disagrees with her on any of
these issues I maybe there is like I
haven't seen every video on her channel
I've probably seen the thumbnail for
every video on her channel I do not
remember her doing that even once I do
not remember her ever taking criticism
of course I've written criticism but err
taking criticism and actually responding
to that criticism um some people say
she's done that covertly that there was
one of her videos dealing with animal
castration and animal decline of pets
and that she was indirectly responding
to criticism to that level at her
without naming me so she does not engage
with critics she does not give his
criticism most youtubers don't and I
really do take the time do this now why
I am genuinely passionate about these
issues this whole YouTube channel
reflects my sincere passions in life and
I use the word passion advisedly passion
includes contempt hatred outrage passion
is not a you know and passion is not
entirely positive thing especially not
from a kind of Buddhist perspective you
know um the love and care and
consideration are not the only passions
I've said this to be able for if you're
really passionate about Shakespeare and
you start a YouTube channel and you're
reviewing and discussing what's been
going on in in the theatre lately
different attempts to reinterpret and
mount Shakespeare it's not possible that
every video in your channel is going to
be cheerleading is gonna be positive
reviews you're not agents some criticism
there's gonna have to be some level of
of critique and complaint if you're
passionate about it we're gonna see the
full range of passions on your channel
if you start a Shakespeare you say oh
you know this year this production of
Hamlet was a great disappointment and
last year this other production was
better you're gonna make those kinds of
contrasts so there has to be a little
bit of acceptance in my role here
whether you think of me as a as a critic
or as someone who's trying to mount his
own interpretation of Hamlet someone
who's trying to contribute to the
artform in his way there's there's a lot
of hypocrisy in terms of in terms of how
I'm perceived within the vegan scene but
over the course of five years in 1,000
videos and three million views it's
gotten better in a lot of ways I feel
I've won many of the fundamental fights
many of the fundamental disputes or
debates that have transpired around me
in some cases debates I was merely
involved in and in some case they really
were debates that I that I started that
I initiated that nobody was was talking
about in the digital vegan demo sorry
I'm wearing a lot of layers guys cuz it
really is cold here I am in scenic
Detroit Michigan and yeah I know it's
kind of ridiculous wearing a scarf
indoors but alright that's how we're
gonna roll so here's the the email I
received so it's actually um that's a
long comment sent me on YouTube and this
is someone who is sincerely defending a
natural vegan Swayze
I don't know I don't know if I ever once
had someone write to me this way its pop
I mean look five years a long time it's
possible I've gotten a couple of emails
of this but a long time ago someone
writing in to defend what they think is
Swayze's position
I assume this is not a natural vegan
herself under a pedestrian this isn't
someone who knows her personal I assume
it's just a fan you'll see from those
writing style maybe it is someone who
knows her I don't know but it's also
someone who makes some false assumptions
about me and that's okay I can reply but
I am making this video because I'm
genuinely interested in hearing the
other side of it when I criticized
direct action everywhere I reached out
to and wanted to interview and talk to
you representatives direct action
everywhere again and again that was over
a three year period and finally now Isak
ask yourself he says he found one member
of direct action ever who'd be what
would he do willing to talk to me only
to have some kind of a debate or
interaction me and then that didn't
happen that mysteriously that hasn't
happened so I've it when I criticized
cube of truth what's the other thing
that Snoke Yuma tree there's also known
as anonymous for the voiceless when I
criticize that a relation right from the
start
I said I'm totally willing to reach out
to you guys and talk to you guys and
hear the other side and present that on
my channel I've been like that across
the board including with a natural v
including with with Swayze of course
especially early on in this fracas with
with a natural vegan and there are
feelings involved there are hurt
feelings involved I I think will be
ridiculous if I came out here and gave
you a kind of dry academic presentation
like ooh of course I don't care about
the future of veganism oh no no no no
I'm not part of a community I'm not part
of a movement I don't have hopes and
aspirations and dreams no no no no no
I'm just here to make money out of
YouTube how could I possibly how could
you possibly think that my feelings are
involved no of course of course my
feelings are involved I've dedicated a
lot of time to this and it's not for no
reason and you guys know I mean you know
earlier this year I signed up to go to
culinary college to try to do vegan
baking try to start a bakery as that
part of the movement and anyway so I
mean yeah I I really can
and again even if it were something like
Shakespeare if you really care about it
you're gonna get that full range of
emotions and passion showing so have a
little bit of compassion for me and
you're gonna see how much your how
little compassion I could muster even
for someone like Swayze who obviously is
not playing the game by the same rules I
played all right it's point one so I'm
not gonna read this person's response
Marik resume point one this person
claims the patreon text is pre
motherhood and pretty sure pre
relationship it's unfair to take an
outdated text that she has not touched
since years
untrue so to my knowledge and you will
remember this also and Swezey herself
says it on her patron she deleted her
patreon her whole patreon page just
prior to what is referred to as the ad
pocalypse event so everyone will
remember this there was this brief
period where advertising revenue dried
up on YouTube and even big youtubers
like PewDiePie people who make a lot of
money complain about it and Swayze had
completely cancelled and shut down her
patreon page just before that happened
and then she had to come on YouTube and
beg people to come back and donate money
on patreon again because she suddenly
wasn't as making as much money as she
had been projecting she'd earned so I'm
sorry I do not think this is true at all
I think the her whole patreon page was
deleted and then started again from
scratch so this is relatively recent
text so I don't know again I don't know
why you claim this no even if that were
not the case you're responsible for the
the what you say in a fundraising
message I mean if she had the same
message up for years which I believe is
impossible for the reasons that you
stated you know okay well you live by it
if you're a politician and you haven't
changed your slogan in years if your
slogan is that you're gonna conquer Iraq
and create the world's greatest
democracy in Baghdad you're still
running on that promise you say oh well
that's before you know that that's meant
hasn't been changed in five years okay
that's so to me this is wrong but anyway
interesting this guy opens by claiming
that and that it's that it's unfair for
me to criticize her I don't I didn't
even criticize her I didn't read it out
to you guys I just read what her pitch
is her sales pitch for you to donate
$1,000 now you tell me do you think
she'd live up to it I said to Melissa
today we were just on the way to the
gross
and said you know we could donate a
thousand dollars like what if we what if
we just for one month donate $1,000 and
see what happens
do you actually think she's gonna start
making documentaries look what do you
think's gonna happen
you you guys can ask yourself that
question but I mean I could have said a
lot more in criticizing her stated
promises or her positions on this but
all I did was read it out to you guys
and and you have taken it as a criticism
because indeed it's not a very
convincing it's not a very convincing
pitch so you say it's unfair to use that
I think why I said with that is it's not
just fair it's factual I did was reading
out to you okay
he the criticism continues are you
surprised that with one toddler and one
toddler to come she stays with the man
of her dreams in the moment okay you
know I'm sorry he's if you've watched
myself sometime you for missus before in
the history of political movements who
has suffered less Hillary Clinton oh
well she had a kid I'm sorry all kinds
of great political leaders and activists
have and raise kids have a family she
doesn't have a full-time job she doesn't
have a crippling disability she's not
living in a cave in northern Vietnam
she's not fighting a racist
segregationist state like dr. Martin
Luther King jr. who has suffered less
like I don't know what claim you can
possibly be making here that somehow her
life is so hard just because she has a
kid she has a baby that she chose to
have what what do you want senior
waiting and on the other hand what do
you think I'm assuming I'm not saying
she has to move into a cave in northern
Vietnam and fight against the world's
most heavily armed military
we're not asking anything heroic of her
you in that video I didn't make any
demands of her but you know if you want
to measure these people against you know
Mahatma Gandhi and dr. Martin Luther
King jr. or any significant political
leaders in the past well you can you can
choose but if you want to measure them
how many Hollywood actresses how many
movie producers how many documentary
film directors raised kids are you
kidding me and
what are we how low are we setting the
centers here and that's what she says
she wants to do she said her own the
only goal of respiration we've heard
from her is that she wants to make short
cheap documentaries for YouTube but she
needs the money so she can afford stock
footage and to do a trapeze I I do
interviews people all the time I just
didn't interview with the documentary
filmmaker a couple weeks ago one-hour
interview via Skype nobody paid me I
didn't have to pay doesn't cost any
money but she's saying she needs this
money so she can do interviews I've been
doing interviews for four five years
ain't got nowhere yet but anyway so what
why would her having this baby you know
why would that matter this right it's
it's a little bit strange okay um we
continue quote you should be able to
relate to that don't you thing okay so
there are some typos in here don't you
thing that when the children are in
kindergarten she will actually meet
greet organize bake invite non-vegan
children etc I have no idea what you're
getting here as opposed to what um
no he says of me it was not your choice
to get divorced yes it was yes it was I
don't know where you're getting
information from I did choose to get
divorced so yeah it was a choice I made
I dumped my ex-wife to be blunt I mean
she didn't dump me so I don't know what
what you're saying or why you'd say this
or how this defends a natural vegan he
then says and see your daughter only a
few times a year but yet how would your
life be with your daughter may be toys
activities etc it would be more
important than meeting other vegans or
the fight for veganism while travelling
on the world I totally disagree with you
I mean it's not I'm trying to do it
right now you guys know the last time we
went to Paris we put out an announcement
here on YouTube and we wrote to if
you're my patron you saw the letter we
wrote to all these different vegan
organizations everywhere I go I'm trying
to organize I'm trying to do realize the
vism with other vegan activist it's not
too much to ask while I'm taking care of
my daughter I
writing the vegan organizations agencies
I'm reaching out to people here on
YouTube and by Skype and by email I'm
trying to make something positive happen
and again any political movement there
are parents who do this in the Democrat
Party and the Republican Party in the
Liberal Party it's not superhuman it's
not too much to ask now the problem is
is veganism the lack of response I get
back the lack of initiative from anyone
else that when I reach out to people say
hey I want to organize an event I want
to organize a conference discussing a
particular issue or even I want to
publish a children's story book there's
a great example of vegan activism that
really overlaps with parenting I wrote a
children's story book I'd like to write
more and I'd like to get an illustrator
professional illustrator and publisher
storybooks now been translated into many
languages Chinese Swedish Japanese
Russian German okay but I can't do that
kind of thing alone so what are you
insinuating here she doesn't have a job
she's not in school she has no other
duties and she has not uploaded one
thousand videos so why not what what why
would she not be as you say meeting
other vegans traveling around and
engaging in the fight for veganism she
Charles why why not anyway I it's a so
far it's a weak arguments here goes that
I continued he says quote I am surprised
that you argue that cooperation with
hunters is necessary which I agree to
but do not accept that there might be
vegans who try to right reach out to non
vegans and accept reduce at Aryans and
that it is necessary to reach the 85 or
95 percent who won't be 100% vegan
within the next 10 or 20 years so you're
attributing a view to me that I haven't
stated and that's not in that video so
again just like your comments about my
divorce it's not accurate and it's also
not clearly relevant like what do you
imagine you're apparently assigning the
claim to me that I refuse to talk to
people who aren't 100% vegan well on the
contrary what we're debating is the fact
that Swasey unnatural vegan refuses to
talk to vegans
she won't talk to me
she will tuck that she won't talk to her
cooperate with anyone within the vegan
movement she won't even whopper with
people who are on 2 percent vegan I am
in the opposite position where I'm
saying I'm willing to cooperate with
anybody I'm willing to cooperate with
with hunters and I talked to a couple
days ago I mentioned to my girlfriend I
talked to a guy who is mostly vegan
booting hunts rabbits which is very rare
and he has this whole ecological
rationale for that so he doesn't buy any
meat from uh from a factory from a farm
but he will kill and eat wild rabbits so
that's a little bit ethically alien to
me but interesting guy
sure I'm I'm reaching out to and it's
rare but once in a while I meet people
with that when I was involved with the
Cree in the Aegean way of course I'm
starting to people hunt hunt moose hunt
beaver and that's you know when you're
talking to create a job like people this
is quite common so again I'm in a
position where I'm trying to make
something positive happen and I'm
willing to cooperate with anyone and
then you could have a footnote no I'm
not willing to cooperate with neo-nazis
I'm not willing to cooperate with
communists you know there are you know
you got a cooperative people were
reasonable within certain hard ethical
limits and I've made videos talking
about that but I mean I've been reaching
out positively to every vegan under the
Sun for five years and what were
discussed when were discussing the forum
brief video much briefer than this video
already is the fact that Swayze has no
interest in Richard anyone not in her
own neighborhood not around the world
not anywhere else
etc um he continues quote you can build
a bridge as a mother of two small
children any vegan who has no sympathy
with people who call themselves a whole
food plant-based and shy away from
defining themselves as vegan and public
just to avoid the toxic or ignorant
vegans of the durianrider freely
influencer type is suspicious to me okay
I don't know what this has to do with me
or unnatural vegan are you forgetting
which side she was on she she used to be
a durianrider frilly supporter I wasn't
oh I know what you're trying to
insinuate here is this doesn't make
sense to me this doesn't seem doesn't
seem salient at all and I didn't I
didn't give up the label vegan
because I just dislike during my turf
really I stood up to them I pointed out
the hard facts nobody else wanted to
face up to you when I ended up in court
I ended up having death threats against
me having during Ryder threatened to
have a gang of people beat me up in the
street stabbed me and all this stuff I
had during Ryder denounce me make up all
kinds of lies about my sex life in up in
court that's what I did sorry
I mean oh and IIIi did a fundraiser
exactly arguing that you shouldn't allow
people like you're a writer and freely
to take the good name of veganism and
drag it through the mud Swayze didn't do
any of that sorry so anyway all right
she might reach more people and convince
them of reasons to be vegan and they
might actually stay vegan because she
does not care what she or others eat she
is mrs. well-planned vegan diet which is
more than so many French guys out there
are able to comprehend why should she be
forced to go to potlucks etc she is not
a vegan for people who are already vegan
for a longer time oh I see there should
be a separate censor people who are
already vegan for a longer time watch
other websites but she does attract the
intelligence 16 year olds and curious
six year olds in many forms and sizes
okay well I think you're conflating a
few different questions here the
question you asked in the middle is why
should she be forced to go to pot Luck's
etc she's at a stage of her career and
fame an accomplishment and level of
financial support that she can be the
one organizing the pot lungs she could
be the one organizing her own foundation
to compete with PETA
for whatever reason she doesn't support
PETA but I mean what peda does is a lot
more sincere and meaningful than what
she does pedda is out there trying to
change the world and she's here on
YouTube saying she has no interest in
changing the world so you know nobody's
talking about forcing her to go to
somebody else's potluck she's you know
at the stage and level of accomplishment
or she can organize her own events be
the head of her own foundation and
she can set the rules she can keep
whatever company she wants to and
obviously she doesn't want to cooperate
with someone like me but what she said
is that she doesn't want to cooperate
with anyone she's not trying to make the
world a better place in any way so she's
neither trying to improve or reform an
institution like peda nor trying to do
something better independently so yes
potlucks going to going to meet people
and go to picnics that's one small part
of that process
sure okay I continue she may not attract
you or me but she attracts enough people
to make a patron a reliable source of
revenue your openness seems to crack
down as soon as they do not follow your
path a hundred percent
if someone meditates takes
antidepressants except small-scale
animal ownerships
or stalks do not want non 100% vegans to
it they out two days a week vegans
you're out she does not promote that she
say yours look here's a quote she just
talks to people you would accuse of
being weak dumb in a moral show me one
video where she talks saying those
people I have videos of me talking to
people I never noticed that I have
videos of me in dialog with people I've
put hours and hours and I don't see one
video from her I don't know of any
instance of her talking even to other
vegans about what's going to move in
trying to build some positive I don't
have one video of her talking to any of
these types of people you're you're
talking about you think I don't talk to
people who meditate you think I don't
talk to people to take antidepressants
do you think I don't reach out to those
people I've made videos reaching out to
Umbro Qing all those topics and all
those issues precisely because I'm
facing you know really dangerous
pseudoscience really dangerous
misconceptions but those issues and she
hasn't she's been on the wrong side of
she's been on the wrong side of the
antidepressant issue specifically not
all these issues but I don't know of any
examples of this where she reaches out
to and talks to these no so again I wish
there was something here for me too for
me to respond to and you say she talks
to people that you would accuse of being
weak dumb and immoral
show me examples what are you talking
about I'm really what are you talking
about here
I mean when I moved back to Canada I
wanted to be a part of the vegan
movement there was no vegan movement for
me to be a part of when I went to the
fundraiser event for Jordan Reichert's
of vegan election campaign did I accuse
anyone there of being weak and dumb and
immoral no I was reaching out to those
people and trying to find common ground
to build on it there was one bodybuilder
there who was going to talk to me one to
work with me I was there to work with
anyone who work with me for the future
of the movement for ecology and ethics
and all these things in veganism that's
what I'm doing you know and they're all
deeply flawed people oh okay well but
you don't choose your audience so
Melissa suggestion you guys probably
couldn't hear she said maybe maybe this
guy means who she talks to is in her
audience right so you think her audience
consists of people who would feel weak
and dumb in a moral in watch not that I
actually call them weak and um in a
moral but you know if you're taking
antidepressants and making excuses for
it and you see my video when you stop
and question those excuses I see that as
a really positive thing if you're eating
meat and making excuses for it and you
come to my channel and that my channel
challenges you honor you know I see that
as opposed things so anyway I don't I
definitely don't see it that way
anyway hmm okay trying to wrap this up
but he goes on for a few more paragraphs
here quote you refuse to sit down with
your very family when they do not
refrain from animal consumption that's
never been stated on my channel and it's
not true it's completely untrue so again
you just keep making things up and sign
them in to me that are they're not sure
and have never been true so you know I
literally sit down and eat with all
kinds of meat-eaters including my
relatives we did that today sorry I mean
literally today we sat down ate with
your relatives and they non-vegan food
around us or in front of us whatever you
know
um so again you're just making things up
and he says you do that for moral
reasons DXE had a campaign that utterly
flopped that utterly failed direct
action never asked their members to
refuse to Sydney with their own
relatives if their world has already
meet and Gary Yourofsky claimed that
about his family but I've never claimed
that and there are voices to the
contrary Gary Fran Sione he said many
times the mean the main form of activism
the main way he reached people he would
sit and eat dinner with people and
colleagues and all the time normally
whenever he had dinner with a mixed
crowd veganism would get talked about
cuz we wouldn't notice that he ordered a
vegan meal I need to explain you know
this kind of thing so yeah anyway again
you're just you're just making things up
and and we'll sort but again this is
what the contrast me myself and Swayze
well Swayze says she doesn't talk to
anybody so what so what if you want to
she hasn't talked to meat eaters and she
also doesn't talk to to vegans so how
does that make her better than me she's
even worse alright okay um you shoulda
so he continues quote you should accept
that aside from freely and Gary in their
posse not many people are like that well
I've talked to hundreds and hundreds of
vegans probably thousands in the past
five years I really don't know if you're
in a position to generalize about what
vegans are like more than I am and I
haven't just been doing that over the
internet you may or may not remember I
spent some memorable time in Chiang Mai
Thailand we've recently been in Europe
and so on you know I really don't know
what position you're in and writing me
this email for you to tell me quote not
many people are like that
I see the problems that are in the
movement and you know I see the limited
positive impact I can have by engaging
these discussions of my youtube channel
they meet their family they have
non-vegan friends how else would you
attract new people not everybody wants
to lose their foreskin in order to be
pure enough to be accepted inside the
congregation Hall given this YouTube
channel has had several videos staunchly
against circumcision that's a that's a
poor poor choice of imagery but yeah I'm
also totally morally opposed to to
circumcision male circumcision or
female circumcision so I shouldn't this
are just lies about me concerning
radicalness you are closer to your
offski than you may like okay well he
turns it into a compliment he says
concerning radicalness you are closer to
your off ski than you may like you are
the boxing intellectual kind of radical
person and I like you for that just as I
like Stephen Fry and Christopher
Hitchens okay well this is flattering
company to be in
Christopher Hitchens and Stephen Fry at
least I'm not so flattered to say that I
have a lot in common carry rszke we're
here in Detroit right now so guys if you
have contact anyone who has contact with
Gary Yourofsky watching this video tell
him we could meet up with him in the
next couple of days he ain't busy he's
retired just like a natural vegan he's
got a lot of time on his hands so okay
this interesting so he has actually some
some positive feedback here kudos for
taking down the most toxic guy on
YouTube meaning taking down during
writer without your courage no one would
have had that good but pardon me no one
would have had the guts to do that
but vegan cheetah hennya nikka kado I'm
always puzzled that you talk to such
shallow people and can't meek make peace
or discuss with a natural vegan your
disdain seems to be so strong that even
if she would talk to you there would be
no result well we'll never know
because she's never going to talk to me
I thought your point is here again I
reach out to and talk to all kinds of
people positively constructively if
unnatural vegan actually wanted to make
something positive happen in the world
of course we want to talk to her if all
she wants to do his exist as a parasite
on the vegan movement I'm not so
interested in that and that is what her
current claim boils down to it's a form
of parasitism she doesn't want to be
part of the vegan movement she doesn't
want to be part of the community she
doesn't want to build a movement she
just want to build the community she
doesn't want to do anything for the
fever's movement she wants to do you
know what I eat in a day videos and
review products and make videos and be
paid for it so that to me and and
constantly disclaim that she's not a
part of this movement anyway and isn't
trying to build something positive for
the future so that's that's more of a
parasitic relationship to the movement
which is the same thing I said to vegan
cheetah also by the way I think with
time that's why people stopped
supporting Hannah
early in Hannah's career
she was a real vegan activist she was
idealistic and trying to make a
difference and then with time she just
became a lifestyle vlogger who related
parasitically to the vegan movement she
was literally feeding off of it you know
I know what can I say who is our natural
vegan today she's someone who earns her
living from the vegan movement without
in any way being a part of or
contributed to the vegan movement and
she doesn't even want to be even if you
gave her the extra thousand dollars what
would she do with it nothing nothing for
veganism nothing for the movement or
nothing for the nothing for the
community anyway but you say your
disdain for seems to be so strong that
even if she would talk to you there'd be
no result well um she is entitled to her
feelings and I'm entitled to mine she's
someone who has really lied about me
who's really blackened my character and
you know she's really damaged my
situation on YouTube and in veganism and
slowly people have woken up to the
extent to which I was telling the truth
all along and that my criticism of her
wasn't it wasn't nonsense it was really
based on substantive and important
things but her criticism of me is
underhanded and dishonest and you know
it doesn't hurt me emotionally but it's
hurtful
so I mean she's entitled to her feelings
but aren't I also you know until health
of mine so this is the part I really
disagree with she says pardon me he or
she says I don't know I don't even know
the gender of the person or this let's
presume it's a man he says unnatural
vegan is not on permanent vacation
she has evolved from a raw vegan dog
sitter to a well-planned Whole Foods
plant-based vegan mother who does her
thing on YouTube and patreon huge plus
she does not monetize her children she
does not even show them I know why you
see that as a huge as a huge class she
accepts there the right to privacy until
they're old enough to decide themselves
than what's going line that's completely
irrelevant to this conversation I I
disagree with her on that too but what I
disagree with here most of all is your
statement unnatural vegan is not on
permanent vacation yes she is
unnatural piquant is almost the
definition of what I'd call permanent
vacation
so we closes the letter by saying you
have this strong point that your
philosophical videos are excellent and
your hangout videos are great we haven't
done hangout videos for a long time it's
true
Thanks um talk to people some people
have to be called out I would appreciate
that you reduce the call outs of a
natural vegan to substantial stuff like
the antidepressant discussion or the
palm hold of it ah that's interesting
she's just that easy so this is someone
who did see value in my confronting
unnatural begin about antidepressants
and on palm oil so you know but he says
in closing this was an ad hominem attack
with cheap Trick's meaning this
particular video against it was an omen
attack well okay I don't see it that way
but I think the point I made in that
video was very simple you're presented
with this question of what what is
unnatural vegan aspiring to do if you
gave me one thousand five hundred
dollars a month I could list for you all
the things I do with those donations
it's not gonna happen I'm not gonna make
a thousand five hundred and in donations
I can tell you about all the things I'm
passionate about accomplishing and
veganism short term medium term long
term and having one kid isn't gonna stop
me and having two kids isn't gonna stop
me and being enrolled in a ph.d program
isn't gonna stop me and having a
part-time job isn't gonna stop me it
didn't stop me I had a job in China it
was a full-time job well and I kept on
doing this stuff I kept being on the
grind I can tell you about both easily
attainable and more far-flung and
hypothetical goals
I'd like to achieve and it's very
significant it's a simple point I made
it in seven minutes in that video it's
very significant to draw attention to
what this woman's aspirations are and
what they are not so don't kid yourself
unnatural vegan has a lot more in common
with Ellen Fisher that she wants to
admit because all she is at this point
is a lifestyle you too
who is gonna take your money and feather
her nest and keep on telling you that
getting organized with vegans or
building a community or building a
movement engaging in real-world activism
engaging in public outreach lobbying you
name it is somehow a waste of her time
and we can't really say that she's an
aspiring documentary filmmaker we can't
really give any other but she's not any
more of a documentary filmmaker than
Ellen Fisher is if anything less so that
to me is not an N hominem attack and
there's no cheap trick it's a very
simple and in electable truth thanks for
your time